{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Video Tutorial from DJ Oamen:\
###Edited by JC Villa:  Font, Colors, BottomFrame, test_log/ReadMe \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
	This is a Python program that creates a Body Mass Index (BMI) calculator using the graphical user interface (GUI) library Tkinter. BMI is a measure of body fat based on a person's height and weight. The program consists of a main window divided into two sections: the left side with labels, input fields, and a calculate button, and the right side with a result display area.\
	The program defines a class called BMI that initializes the GUI window and its components. It also creates different frames (subsections of the window) to organize the layout of the interface. The left frame contains the input fields for height and weight, a calculate button, and a reset button. The right frame displays the calculated BMI and a status message.\
	The program uses various functions to perform tasks such as resetting the input fields, calculating the BMI, and exiting the application. It also uses different types of variables to store the user's input and the calculated result.\
	The labels, buttons, and frames are customized with different colors, fonts, and dimensions. The program also displays a message at the bottom of the window explaining how healthcare providers and researchers can use a BMI app to track and collect data on their patients' health.\
\
The formula for BMI is:\
BMI = weight (kg) / [height (m)]^2\
Here are the steps to measure BMI:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Measure the person's weight in kilograms (kg). This can be done using a weighing scale.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Measure the person's height in meters (m). This can be done using a stadiometer or a measuring tape.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Square the person's height in meters. For example, if a person's height is 1.75 meters, you would calculate 1.75 x 1.75 = 3.06.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Divide the person's weight in kilograms by the square of their height in meters. For example, if a person's weight is 70 kg and their height is 1.75 meters, you would calculate 70 / 3.06 = 22.9.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The resulting number is the person's BMI. BMI values can be interpreted as follows:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Below 18.5: Underweight\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
18.5-24.9: Normal weight\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
25.0-29.9: Overweight\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
30.0 and above: Obese\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\pardeftab720
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
	It's important to note that BMI is not a perfect measurement of body fat, as it doesn't take into account factors like muscle mass or body shape. It should be used as a general guide to identify potential health risks associated with excess body fat.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}